There's another one.
It's a shooting star.
That's a star?
Well, technically, it's rocks in outer space.
And when they hit the edge of the atmosphere,
they burn up and make that line you see.
If we had a telescope, I bet we could see them better.
Probably.
Do you think we can get a telescope?
Maybe.
You just saying that?
Dad, come on.
We'll see.
You see that group of stars over there?
Yeah.
That's called Leo.
Do you know why?
Why?
If you use your imagination, doesn't it kind of look
like a lion?
Yeah.
Yeah, it does.
So in Latin, lion is Leo.
So dad, how many stars are there?
A lot.
Only Jehovah knows the exact number.
The Bible tells us that he has a name for every single one of them.
Hi, boys.
I know you stay out here all night if you could,
but it's time to go inside.
Um, um.
Come on.
Let's go.
All right.
Hey, babe.
So?
What's in the bag?
OK, so I stopped at the store in the way home.
Ethan, I thought we agreed we weren't going to spend any more money.
I know, but look what it is.
OK.
They're going to love it.
Yeah, they can't wait to give it to him.
I think I'm going to do it right now.
OK.
How are my boys?
Hey.
Hey, then.
What are you guys up to?
Well, I'm just drawing.
Yeah, Percy.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Oh, looks like Leo.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, looks great.
Oh, thanks.
So can I talk to you guys for a second?
Sure, then.
I wanted to thank you both for being so supportive lately.
I know Moni's been tired.
We've had to cut back.
We understand.
Well, that's OK, then.
It's great.
And because of that, I stopped and got something for you in the way home.
Really?
Yeah, do you want to see it?
Yeah.
Check this out.
It's a telescope.
Oh, no.
So now you can really see Leo.
What do you think of that?
It's awesome.
I'm thinking maybe after dinner, we could check it out on the beach.
Yeah, totally.
You can hitch on it.
You mind if I talk to you for a second?
Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
So what's up?
You heard anything about the cutbacks?
No, I haven't heard a thing.
That looks like we have to let some people go.
And your name was on the list.
Did I do something wrong?
My work's been OK, right?
My work's been great.
It's not that.
It's a seniority thing.
You just don't got it.
I need this job.
I know you do.
Is there anything you do to help me out?
I'll take less money.
I know you need it.
And I've been working on something for you.
If you're willing to accept a change in position,
what is it, yeah?
Our sister plant needs a maintenance supervisor.
And it's salary.
So I mean, you're going to be getting more money.
Well, that sounds good.
Yeah.
You got a few drop-action, and you got the commute.
It's a little ways, it's like an hour, 45 each way.
And then being salary, we're going to want quite a bit of OT.
You know, we like to get our money's worth.
Right.
I don't think it's going to work for me.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Do you realize what an opportunity this is?
I got guys lined up one in this job.
I'm trying to cut you a break.
No, I know.
What's the deal?
I'm a witness, as you know, and my volunteer work
means a lot to me.
And I'm trying to balance my volunteer work with work.
And you can still have time to do that, stuff.
When?
Ethan, you got two options here.
It's promotion or deletion.
That's all I can give you.
I'm sorry.
You all right, then?
Yeah.
No, I'm good.
What makes you ask anyone?
I can't remember the last time you just
wanted to go for a walk.
What's on your mind?
It's your brother.
No, no, it's not like before.
He just emailed me last night, looking
for his birth certificate.
But I tell you what, my mind is spinning.
I haven't been able to stop thinking since he got in touch
with me.
What are you thinking about?
About us, about our family, about all of the things.
No, not that.
Don't do that to yourself.
I just can't stop thinking about some of the decisions
I made when you two were growing up.
I know, but Bill's the one that made the decision.
You were great to us, always.
Maybe.
But you got to understand, son.
You both are my boys.
Hey, boys.
Oh, I didn't know you were coming.
Yeah, it happened.
Thanks for coming to get us.
So how's my favorite little boys doing today?
I'm good.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You sound a little tired.
You must have an exciting day at school.
Pretty exciting for him.
Oh, this sounds interesting.
What's going on?
I saw Rowan.
He was talking to a girl.
Rowan?
Any details on that?
No.
She was just asking about Homer, so.
That's because you're so good with homework.
Yeah, sure.
Yes, Cory.
All right.
Well, we'll stop.
He's starting to blush, Cory.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm so sorry.
I missed the service.
I tried so hard to get here, but we had a layover.
Everybody about it.
It's just good you're here.
Ethan, I can't imagine what this has been like for you.
I was in Cory, and I hear he's going
to get some time off of work just to process all this.
There were cutbacks of the factory, so I got laid off.
There's something I can do.
I can give you some cash.
I'm going to get by for a while.
Well, we'll be all right.
Have a little savings, and your hope is going to provide.
Look, I want to go see Sasha, OK?
Yeah.
We'll talk later.
Thanks again for coming.
Yeah, it's good to see you.
I just don't understand.
I could go over with this habit.
I know it's hard to understand.
Sometimes these things, they just happen.
There's no one to blame.
Your mom and I want you to know that we love you very much.
Yes.
We're going to see Cory and Grandpa again.
It's a promise.
This is Ethan.
Blood test.
OK.
9 a.m. Friday.
I'll be there.
Thank you.
What was that about?
Doctor's office wants me to come in Friday.
I'm just going to do it with my physical
from a couple months ago.
Hey, Ethan, what are you doing here?
Just flew in on business.
I was hoping you might have a few minutes to talk.
Yeah, sure.
Oh, I got these for Sasha.
Well, she's going to love these.
Is that the store, though?
Come on in.
Thanks.
Man, it's really coming down out there.
Yeah, yeah, it just started.
So did you take a taxi, ran the car?
Not ran into the car.
Just seemed like the easiest thing to do.
So what's up?
What do you want to talk about?
Look, I've been trying to think of how
I'm going to say this for a while now.
You know, Dad and I had our issues.
What's that do this?
Just hear me out.
I'm OK with it.
You just wanted me to be somebody I wasn't.
You wanted what was best for you.
You chose to leave that.
Yeah, I did.
You know, Dad wasn't going to change.
I was not going to be a witness.
I did what I thought was easiest for everyone.
It was never easy.
You say that.
After I left, you had his love and approval.
Oh, he was proud of you.
You gave him what he needed.
But Dad's gone now.
So you don't have to keep making all these sacrifices anymore.
What are you talking about?
You honestly think that all this time,
I've been serving Jehovah just to make that happen.
I'm just saying you saw how things turned out between me
and him.
And you didn't want the same thing for yourself.
I get it.
No, you don't get it.
I've made these choices me.
Oh, you chose this.
You chose this.
Yeah.
Ethan, you don't have any money.
You're drowning in debt.
You don't even have a job.
What's your future?
We have a future.
What?
Oh, the new world, right?
Grow up.
Take care of your family.
You don't have to live like this.
No, I don't have to live like this.
Everything I've done, I've done for my family's spirituality.
OK.
Spirituality bill, that's why you don't.
You know, I didn't come here to argue with you.
I didn't come here to help.
I don't need your money.
I could see that.
You can't live on these prayers and fantasies forever.
Fortunately, I caught the tumor in a relatively early stage.
So what does that mean?
It means there's a good chance we can get ahead of this thing.
OK, so then what's the next step?
Well, there's a number of viable options.
The first thing I think is best to treat this
as aggressively as possible.
My recommendation is surgery, as remove the mass.
After that, we can talk about post-operative treatments.
Ethan?
Yeah.
It's a lot to take in.
I understand.
So post-schedule follow-up for next week.
Thank you.
Hard ships of the righteous one.
Some visitors?
Take them.
Just wanted to stop in and see how you were holding up.
And I brought someone with me.
He looked familiar?
Ethan.
It's good to see you.
Victor.
Yeah, you remembered.
You were like 12 or 13 when your family moved away?
Something like that.
It's hard to remember you without the pink bike.
You spent a lot of time looking at the back of that bike, didn't you?
You wish.
We'll bring you back, man.
Well, I'm helping out mom and dad.
He took a fall, so just moved in for a little bit
till they get to feel a little better.
Ethan, how are you feeling?
I feel pretty weak, you know?
Jacob told me about what you've been going through.
So, how's the roof?
The roof.
I think we'd lost a couple of shingles.
I haven't had a chance to call anyone.
What happened?
We had a storm a couple weeks ago.
A tree fell out of it.
Well, you know, that's what I'm doing for work.
I have a roofing company.
Let me come out and take a look at it.
No, I don't want to be a bother.
No, it's not a bother at all.
Then that'll give us some time to hang out.
We can catch up.
That sounds nice.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Is it bad?
No, it's not bad.
It'll be an easy fix.
That's good.
So, I don't have my tools with me today.
So, I'll have to come back.
But when I do, I'll knock it out.
It's a quick job, a couple hours.
That's great, thank you.
You're welcome.
So, how have you been holding up?
I just started some new treatments, so...
I'm not feeling so good.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What about work?
How's that going?
I'm a factory worker.
Nothing that's exciting is roofing, but...
It pays the bills.
Yeah.
I got laid off recently, though, so I'm actually looking still.
Well, I have good news.
I think I might be able to help you a little bit.
Have some leftover shingles from a job, and they match your roof.
So I can use those for material, so I only have to charge your labor.
Wow.
I think that should cover it.
I can't accept this.
Sorry, Ethan.
I can't negotiate this price.
I know it.
I feel bad, though.
I don't feel bad.
Tell you what.
Have me over for dinner.
We'll call it even.
I can do that.
Thanks, man.
So I was talking to Jacob, and he says they really miss having him on the elder body.
Yeah.
You just got to be too much.
Couldn't handle it.
You mentioned they're willing to lighten your load a little bit, and maybe make it easier
for you to stay on.
There's more to it than that, you know?
It's complicated.
I understand.
We'll just so you know, if you ever need to talk about anything, just give me a call.
I'm always available.
This is something that you wouldn't really understand.
It's expensive.
It's expensive too.
Everything's fine.
Yeah, everything's fine.
I'm glad to see you.
I've been meaning to come over and just tell you how sorry I am about what happened.
How are you holding up?
I remember when my mom passed, and it's just the hardest thing to deal with.
You know something that really helped me was just realizing that everything happens
for a reason.
Oh, honey.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
You know what?
God can use these moments to mold us, and to make us stronger, and I know He's going
to do that for you.
I think the kids are coming, but maybe please let me know if you need anything.
Everything happens for a reason.
How was your day?
You want to talk about it?
Someone just said something to me, and he got me thinking.
You know if there's something bothering you, we could talk about it, right?
We could talk.
Yeah.
Bike, you talk to me?
What does that mean?
When were you going to tell me that they might be another tumor?
Your doctor called me.
He told me.
Not my husband.
You're right, right?
I should have told you, and I was planning on it.
You've just been dealing with so much, I'm still trying to process it myself.
Where's the team?
Where's the one flesh?
Hey, Conrad.
Ethan.
What are you doing here?
It's open to talk to you for a minute, if I could.
Yeah, how'd you know I'd be here?
Saw the car.
Yeah, please take a seat.
Thank you.
So what's up, Ethan?
I want to see if there was any way I could come back to work with the factory.
I'm desperate.
There's nothing to come back to.
The factory's closing.
I've been looking for a job for the past couple weeks.
Didn't you tell me the schedule wasn't going to work for you?
Yeah.
I've been praying and looking for a job that will fit my schedule,
and nothing's happening, so...
I'll tell you why nothing's happening.
Ethan, I remember when I was a kid.
Dad went off to the first goal for...
I remember begging God every night to bring him home.
You know what happened?
Two days.
Two days before he was supposed to come home.
He stepped down on IED.
That was it.
He was gone.
Prayer?
There's nobody listening.
And if there is a God, he didn't have time for us.
I actually got to get out of here, Ethan.
Sorry, I couldn't help you out.
Think of it this way.
This isn't the worst thing God could have happened to you.
We'll see you around, Ethan.
We just wanted to come by and see how you were doing.
Yeah, we miss seeing you at the meeting.
Thanks.
I think we've just been a little wiped out.
Ethan, how are the treatments going?
Same.
By the way, the friends wanted to help with some of the expenses
so they had a gift for you.
That's so nice.
Thank you.
You've been dealing with so much and the congregation
we all want to help out.
Thank you.
The friends have been great.
Sometimes I don't feel worthy.
What do you mean Sasha?
I've just been dealing with some negative feelings.
Like what?
I as dad to pick up the boys.
And I just keep thinking that if I hadn't done that,
I would still have my son and my father along with me.
Sasha, this is in your fault.
But it is my fault.
That was my responsibility to pick up my children.
No, you can't blame yourself.
Please, you have your Bible there.
Let's re-description of Ecclesiastes 9-11.
And if you can't just re-part me.
Because time and unexpected events overtake them all.
Now, what's one reason that perhaps Johova had this recorded?
Well, he knows when we lose someone,
we want someone to blame.
Even if it's ourselves.
But that's not.
Ethan, what do you think?
I know no one caused it, but nobody stopped it either.
I can seem that way, Ethan.
But Johova, he is a refuge.
Spiritually.
Remember, Corey and Nathaniel are safe.
They're safe in Johova's memory.
I know it's been tough.
Johova gives us...
What do you know it's been tough?
I've seen the struggles of your family.
But what do you really understand about my situation?
I mean, really.
I can't provide for my family.
At all.
I wake up sick every morning, useless on the bathroom floor.
Wanting to die.
And what do you know about having to bury your father and your son on the same day?
Tell me what you know about that.
You're ready, Ethan.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I'm bummed.
Sasha, I want to apologize.
I should have thought a little bit more about what I was saying.
It's okay, Luke.
I had no idea that all of this was going on inside of him.
But thank you so much for coming.
I won't be the last visit.
And remember, Ethan's right.
We've never experienced what you've gone through.
But you did.
And Johova did not abandon him.
And he won't abandon you and your family.
Please remember that.
I will.
Thank you guys again.
Good night.
Have a good night.
Look, it's my ruffer.
Hey, good morning.
Got some coffee.
We're through without milk.
We'll have to get black.
All right, cool.
Thank you.
Yeah, no problem.
So how long have you been doing this?
Oh, not very long.
You can just start the business recently.
What were you doing before?
Before that, I was in Peru.
Peru?
Yeah.
That's different.
Well, I was doing knee-grade work.
But then things changed.
And so I moved back.
There's a little congregation in New Mexico that needed help.
So I went down there for a little bit and served.
Busy man.
Yeah.
You gotta stay focused.
You know, I was thinking the other day.
About the cabin and the woods.
Oh, yeah.
Your parents still have it?
You know, you should come up and see it again.
Yeah.
I even cook a meal for you.
Peruvian?
Is mac and cheese and smoky's Peruvian?
No.
Okay, no.
In fact, I'm a terrible cook, to be totally honest.
But, you know, love covers and multitude of sands, right?
Okay, yeah.
We'll make it work.
Well, I'll let you get to it.
Thanks again for the help.
Oh, you're welcome.
See you, man.
Thanks again for dinner.
Oh, you're welcome.
Yeah, that's good.
So you know how when you're a kid, sometimes you remember things differently.
Yeah.
Then you grow up and you come over someone's cabin.
Are you saying it's ugly?
No, I remember this.
It's just different.
It's always been this ugly.
Okay.
Feels good to be out here.
I love this place.
Hey, I want to thank you.
For what?
I know you've been trying to encourage me, and I haven't been the easiest person to encourage.
It's all right.
I'm starting to see that I really need help.
You're welcome.
Hey, is the rope swing by the quarry still there?
Oh, yeah.
You want me to see it?
I have a memory of you trying to backflip.
I always wanted to be a diver.
Come on.
Yeah, but diving's like this.
You landed on your face.
That's how you do backflip.
How do you do backflip?
Check it out.
So you go, friend?
No.
Let's carry.
Who's that?
That was my wife.
Your wife?
Yeah.
Remember, I said I was living in Peru.
You were knee-gooders down there.
You were pioneering, and it was incredible.
It was the happiest we've ever been.
And then, in an instant, everything changed.
Where I had to leave, everything reminded me of her.
I can't look at you now.
How'd you cope?
I still have some bad days.
But when I lost Carrie, I helped me realize
that the only real hope I have was to help us.
Sometimes it doesn't feel like enough.
I feel like that sometimes, too.
And when I do, I just find a beautiful, quiet spot.
And I just pray.
And it helps.
Where it always helps.
I mean, look around, Miss Ethan.
But your hope has the power to do all this.
What can't you do?
You can't help you find a job.
You can't help you deal with this illness.
You can't give you back your dad.
Your way, people, you can do that.
I prayed, Victor.
I just feel like if I let go, I'm forgetting that I don't want to forget them.
You're not going to forget them.
But letting go of this pain.
It's not about forgetting our past.
It's about remembering our future.
Thank you.
So you were outside with Victor for a long time tonight?
Yeah, I guess I was.
What were you two talking about?
Hope.
Won't you sit down for a second? I won't talk to you.
I want to thank you.
For what?
But especially for supporting me no matter what.
Not giving up, even though I almost did.
I'm so sorry for pulling away and relying on myself.
Trying to and failing miserably.
I see so clearly now that the only way will be okay.
It's with Joel and with each other.
That's a family.
It's not just Query.
It's all of the dead.
I think it's really different now.
It's really hard.
I'm so sorry for not being what you needed for a while now.
It's okay, Dad.
No, it's not.
I never imagined we'd have to go through something like this as a family.
And we can't go back.
We can go forward.
I want to read you something.
And this is something you've heard a hundred times.
But it's different now.
Because it's personal.
You will wipe out every tear from their eyes.
And death will be no more.
Neither one more named or outcry.
Don't pain me anymore.
The former things have passed away.
What was promised wrong?
Through you.
But it's up to us to keep it alive.
Don't forget it.
That's the line.
There's another mask with a turmeric.
What do you mean?
I can see it.
You don't know how to read that.
No, it's not good.
Ethan.
Sasha.
It's good to see you both.
So how are we doing?
You tell me?
Okay.
I will.
We've got your results back.
And there's been a change.
I knew it.
What?
I looked.
I saw the mask.
That's why we had trained professionals to read these things.
This mask?
It's not a tumor.
This scar tissue.
Ethan.
It seems that your cancer?
It's in remission.
I'm sorry.
I just haven't had good news in a long time.
Yeah, I understand.
It's been a long road.
And by the way, don't have to look in the paper.
Okay.
Let's go for some other paperwork.
Man dies.
Can he live again?
All the days in my Composauri service until my relief.
For we were saved in this hope.
But hope that is seen is not hope.
For when a man sees a thing,
does he hope for it?
But if we hope for what we do not see,
we keep eagerly waiting for it with endurance.